# MellonHeads Board Meeting

#### February 28, 2016


#### In attendance:
- Caroline
- Hima
- Will
- Emily
- Avi
- Tiffany
- Russell
- Omar

#### Guests:
- Shef Elisha
- Rajat Mehndiratta
- Robert Goldshear
- Wole Idowu
- Annelise Williams

#### Not present:
- Wilson
- Ally
- Chris 


**(introductions)**

### Annelise: Knitting Hackathon
- Very cool b/c people can walk away with something they made
- Workshop at the begining: 
  * talk about knitting, what it is
  * basics of how to do it
- Need a team of 'knitting experts' to mentor/teach
  * Emphasized again - we need a LOT of mentors
  * people will have a lot of questions
- Two stages: workshop and actual hackathon
  * distance between them, about a day?
- Funding: 
  * our official budget doesn't get put through until this summer
  * try to find a sponsor?
    - ask local craft stores
    - Yarnivores might help
- Prizes/judging/etc
- How far can a new knitter get in 24 hours?
  * answer: very far! can knit huge scarfs 
- How long?
  * 48 hours seems too long
  * People come to the event and stay there for the whole duration
  * Need to ensure retention - with food and pillows?
- Tiffany can contact the people who made the knitted things at Lunar Gala
- We can have knitting books too
- When? **2nd-3rd of April**
- Avi: look into what rooms are available for that weekend
- Annelise: will get us contact information
- How big? **30-50 people**


### Wole: Toyz Nation Gaming League (TNGL)
- Diversity through e-sports and gaming
- Sharing storage space with them next year
- Foster diversity through events such as hackathons, gaming competitions
  * want to invite women's colleges, state colleges, etc. to compete with CMU students
  * Exposing people to gaming through these events
- Had first hackathon in the fall, went well
- April 8-10: next event
  * 48 hours
  * Inviting state/local colleges in Pittsburgh community
  * Open platform hackathon
  * April 9th: Gaming competition in the middle of it
  * Around 60 people, in some Wean classrooms
  * it's kind of a wide-spread PennApps-style small hackathon, with the main event being a gaming competition
- Funding: 
  * they have sponsors, food etc. 
  * currently setting up people to handle that
  * Food: talking to restaurants already
- w/ MellonHeads: how we can help
  * Mentors
  * Participants
  * Promotion
  * Logistics of making sure it happens
  * as long as they keep us in the loop!

### Rajat, Shef, Robert: MellonHeads + Pitt
- This year they started Pitt Hacker Society (UPHS) (formerly SteelHeads, Pitt Hackathons)
- Went hard at DragonHacks, Fashion Tech
- Ended up not going to PennApps due to weather, had PittApps instead
- Now they have people going to hackathons every weekend! yay!
- PHacks: Refactored on March 25
  * Sponsor-seeking phase
  * Pushing post-SteelHacks momentum
- SteelHacks had CMU as a sponsor!
- Expand hacker community, go beyond just CS, similar goals to MellonHeads
- MellonHeads would like:
  * internal document of sponsors: 
    - keep track of how it went
    - what they sponsored 
    - UPHS has one, they will share it with us
  * More shared intelligence and communication
  * Unified front of Pittsburgh hackers
- "Boring legal stuff"
  * Sponsors: the quicker they pay us, the better
  * Right now the money will go into an account with Pitt IEEE/ECE department
  * Could disperse funds to UPHS, but not to MellonHeads
  * Not strictly necessary to send funds back and forth - main value is in shared connections
  * MellonHeads has worked on an ad-hoc basis so far, but will be resolved as soon as our budget is officiated by CMU
- UPHS weekly meetings often involve company tech talk
- Keep the organizations separate, with separate identities
- Work together to collaborate WRT sponsors, events
- Continue to have meetings with CMU and Pitt together

### Rasberry Pi hackathon with ACM?!
- Avi is currently the only one who knows about it
- ACM is sort of a branch of SCS
  * All finances controlled through SCS
- Rasberry Pi hackathon on Pi Day with rasberry pie!
- March 14
  * runs for "3.14" days, ends on Friday the 18
  * there's a kickoff, workshop, but most of the work is done on your own
  * happens during the school week
  * prize ceremony on Friday
- It hasn't been very well planned so far
  * planning to get 50 Pis
- Bloomberg, Microsoft sponsor
  * Microsoft has their own proprietary Pis 
  * Many different companies with many different kits
- MellonHeads involvement?
  * MH, ACM, SCS working more closely together
  * mentors from Pitt?
  * They need a better name (suggestion: Hackberry Pi)

### Website copy update
- We need a section to see all of the different events that we have run/will run
- UPHS has a server, but we really only need frontend for the website
- Website update has been slow b/c nobody wants to update it
- Avi will work on website text update
- Todo for all of us: go through the website text, comment/suggest updates, etc
- Website channel in the Slack

### Drama/Design Hackathon Updates
- Drama: Russell 
  * talked to contact in School of Drama: she thinks we should book space not in Purnell
  * Use theaters in downton Pittsburgh, rent out space to us for a weekend
  * Can't have everything done at once
    - Need to find actors
    - Need to rehearse
    - Scenic designer w/ set etc. 
    - Shouldn't/don't stick to traditional hackathon timeline?
    - Pitt example with 24-hour musical rehearsal
  * Window open 4 weeks before so playwrights can submit plays, then select from those for the hackathon
  * Russell will send more information to Avi 
- Design: Tiffany
  * Need to pick a date and start talking to sponsors soon
  * Tiffany: come up with first draft of a todo list

### CIE
- Center for Innovation and Entrepeneurship 
- Chris and Avi met with Emma
- (Note: People at TartanHacks said they found out about it through MellonHeads)
- Chris's notes from the meeting: 
    * CIE has quality content about innovation and entrepreneurship. Its faculty run Project Olympus, talks, workshops, etc.
    * CIE wants to reach new audiences. They have good attendance at their events but don't feel that enough people on campus know about them.
    * MH has audiences who may not have heard of CIE, let alone attended one of its events.
    * MH wants to make connections with other parts of the school. CIE is business-oriented and would connect us more strongly with Tepper.
    * Both orgs benefit from cooperation. We'd be happy to cross-promote their events and invite a CIE speaker like Kit Needham to one of ours. Emma the CIE rep learned a lot about MH and will talk about us at her next meeting. A CIE-MH event for which we formally collaborate is in play for the fall.
- Be ready for working with them in the futures

### Final notes re. Pitt and CMU collab: 
- We should have an organization for promoting Pittsburgh hacking
- Board meetings to discuss events for all of Pittsburgh
- Officially endorsed by mayor?
- Civic engagement
- Keep clear what's available to college students vs. general public
- Platform for high schoolers/kids in general to get involved with
- Steelhacks 3 dream: Supporting 500+, at the convention center? 
  * Sponsorship pools btwn CMU/Pitt come into play here
- Not a complete merge, but partnership is very important

### Misc. notes
- MellonHeads Google Calendar
- Days since last "Avi-ous" pun: 0
